

what is mime

mime stands for multipurpose internet mail extensions  it is the
standard for how to send multipart multimedia and binary data using the
worldwide internet email system  typical uses of mime include sending
images audio wordprocessing documents programs or even plain text
files when it is important that the mail system does not modify any part
of the file  mime also allows for labelling message parts so that a
recipient or mail program may determine what to do with them 

how can i read a mime message

since mime is only a few years old there are still some mailers in use
which do not understand mime messages  however there are a growing
number of mail programs that have mime support builtin  one popular
mimecapable mailer for unix vms and pcs is pine developed at the
university of washington and available via anonymous ftp from the host
ftpcacwashingtonedu in the file pinepinetarz

in addition several proprietary email systems provide mime translation
capability in their internet gateway products  however even if you do
not have access to a mimecapable mailer or suitable gateway there is
still hope 

there are a number of standalone programs that can interpret a mime
message  one of the more versatile is called munpack  it was developed
at carnegie mellon university and is available via anonymous ftp from the
host ftpandrewcmuedu in the directory pubmpack  there are versions
available for unix pc mac and amiga systems  for compabibility with
older forms of transferring binary files the munpack program can also
decode messages in splituuencoded format 

does mime replace uuencode

yes  uuencode has been used for some time for encoding binary files so
that they can be sent via internet mail but it has several technical
limitations and interoperability problems  mime uses a more robust
encoding called base which has been carefully designed to survive the
message transformations made by certain email gateways 

how can i learn more about mime

the mime internet standard is described in rfc available via
anonymous ftp from many different internet hosts including 
                                                       
     o  us east coast                            
        address  dsinternicnet         
                                                        
     o  us west coast                            
        address  ftpisiedu       
                                                        
     o  pacific rim                              
        address  munnariozau   
                                                        
     o  europe                                   
        address  nicnordunet  

look for the file rfcrfctxt

another source of information is the internet news group compmailmime
which includes a periodic posting of a frequently asked questions list


httpxentcommailmanlistinfofork

