weird i never thought the govmint would get into funding this you know
weapons of mass destruction etc etc


httpdcinternetcomnewsarticlephp

september  
senate committee passes nanotech bill
by roy mark

the senate commerce committee unanimously passed on thursday legislation to
promote nanotechnology research and development introduced by sen ron
wyden dore the st century nanotechnology research and development act
would create the national nanotechnology research program the bill is
cosponsored by sen joe lieberman dconn and sen george allen rva

the proposed program would be a coordinated interagency effort that would
support longterm nanoscale research and development and promote effective
education and training for the next generation of nanotechnology researchers
and professionals

the unanimous support of the senate commerce committee is a very big step
forward for this very small technology lieberman who vowed to pushed to
full senate passage before the end of the year said nowhere in the world
are the wheels of innovation spinning more rapidly than in the realm of
nanotechnology the us certainly possesses the raw resources and talent to
lead the world in developing this technology our legislation will provide
the nation with a longterm focus and sustained commitment and facilitate
new collaborations between government academia and industry that will
ensure our place at the head of the next wave of innovation

the bill would place coordination and management of the nanotechnology
program under the national science and technology council it would also
create a presidential national nanotechnology advisory panel and national
nanotechnology coordination office which would provide administrative and
technical support for the advisory panel and the council

my own judgment is the nanotechnology revolution has the potential to
change america on a scale equal to if not greater than the computer
revolution i am determined that the united states will not miss but will
mine the opportunities of nanotechnology wyden said in introducing the
bill at present efforts in the nanotechnology field are strewn across a
halfdozen federal agencies i want america to marshal its various
nanotechnology efforts into one driving force to remain the worlds leader
in this burgeoning field and i believe federal support is essential to
achieving that goal

to study the potential longterm effects of nanotechnology a new center for
societal ethical educational legal and workforce issues related to
nanotechnology would also be established

according to lieberman the bill closely tracks the recommendations of the
national research council nrc which completed a thorough review of the
national nanotechnology initiative in june

those recommendations included establishing an independent advisory panel
emphasizing longterm goals striking a balance between longterm and
shortterm research supporting the development of research facilities
equipment and instrumentation creating special funding to support research
that falls in the breach between agency missions and programs promoting
interdisciplinary research and research groups facilitating technology
transition and outreach to industry conducting studies on the societal
implications of nanotechnology including those related to ethical
educational legal and workforce issues and the development of metrics for
measuring progress toward program goals



