   tp im reading this now as that you trained on about  spam and
   tp about  ham  thats less than  of the sizes of the
   tp training sets ive been using  please try an experiment train
   tp on  of each and test once against the other  of each

jeremy
 this helps a lot

possibly  i checked in a change to classifierpy overnight getting rid of
mincount that gave a major improvement in the fn rate too independent of
tokenization

 here are results with the stock tokenizer

unsure what stock tokenizer means to you  for example it might mean
tokenizertokenize or mboxtestmytokenizertokenize

 training on mbox homejeremymailinbox   mbox
 homejeremymailspam 
    hams   spams
         
          
          
 training on mbox homejeremymailinbox   mbox
 homejeremymailspam 
    hams   spams
          
          
          
 training on mbox homejeremymailinbox   mbox
 homejeremymailspam 
    hams   spams
          
          
          
 training on mbox homejeremymailinbox   mbox
 homejeremymailspam 
    hams   spams
          
          
          
 total false pos  
 total false neg  

note that those rates remain much higher than i got using just  of ham
and  of spam  that remains a mystery

 and results from the tokenizer that looks at all headers except date
 received and xfrom

unsure what that means too  for example looks at might mean you enabled
anthonys countthem gimmick andor that youre tokenizing them yourself
andor 

 training on mbox homejeremymailinbox   mbox
 homejeremymailspam 
    hams   spams
          
          
          
 training on mbox homejeremymailinbox   mbox
 homejeremymailspam 
    hams   spams
          
          
          
 training on mbox homejeremymailinbox   mbox
 homejeremymailspam 
    hams   spams
          
          
          
 training on mbox homejeremymailinbox   mbox
 homejeremymailspam 
    hams   spams
          
          
          
 total false pos  
 total false neg  

 is it safe to conclude that avoiding any cleverness with headers is a
 good thing

since i dont know what you did exactly i cant guess  what you seemed to
show is that you did something clever with headers and that doing so
helped the after numbers are better than the before numbers right
assuming that what you did was override whats now
tokenizertokenizertokenizeheaders with some other routine and didnt
call the base tokenizertokenizeheaders at all then youre missing
carefully tested treatment of just a few header fields but adding many
dozens of other header fields  theres no question that adding more header
fields should help tokenizertokenizertokenizeheaders doesnt do so only
because my testing corpora are such that i cant add more headers without
getting major benefits for bogus reasons

apart from all that you said youre skipping received  by several
accounts that may be the most valuable of all the header fields  im
meaning tokenizertokenizertokenizeheaders skipping them too for the
reason explained above  offline a week or two ago neil schemenauer
reported good results from this scheme

    ipre  recompilerdddd

    for header in msggetallreceived 
        for ip in iprefindallheader
            parts  ipsplit
            for n in range 
                yield received  joinpartsn

this makes a lot of sense to me i just checked it in but left it disabled
for now

