
this is a multipart message in mime format
decbcdbfaba
contenttype textplain charsetgb
contenttransferencoding quotedprintable

                     cbcbfcbddcacedfbfdecmba


    mbabdccdfdbcccdbeaacddacbddcacedfc
cfddccacdddcdebdccedccbbcbdbbbccb
ddcaceaacedfbbccffbcaac    bccacfc
bdfdaaddddcfcbcbbfbbdceaba    
     bdcefcdccaabadaddbdcefcdccab
ccedfcacbfmbacfbdabcbbcdacccdbeaac
bfccbfacccdbddcbfafdbbdabbcfdbcfabc
bdcefcdccadfceaacccdadbacccfbbcdd
daadbbeadaedbbaacfdcecebbaabfdabc
dfdaabbdcabdbecacbcdcbbcfdbdccdaaa
bdccdaddcbfbcdcbcbbcfdbbfbdcbdd
bfebfaamitaacbbfbdcacbfacdacfdbbcca
bdbdbeaddeaaceaaccebdfbbcfdbcdcacbfa
acdfcbfdacfabdebefddbfacfdbbccabbc
cadcbdaacecaccebccdccaaaccebbaabeadbdcd
adbaddbccbbaecdbdcacdfccbcfbdbdace
dbbbfddbfacfdbbbcfdbfeaa    
     cdcbdbeabcfabacfdbfacfdbbeaddaad
ebbdccedddaaccdcbdbeabcfcfdbcdbdcbd
bddddaaaacddacbddcacedfddcbfbbafcdcb
dbeabcfbccedfbacdbbcbcededccacbcb
acfdcbcaabccecebbaabfabccambabebc
dacfaaacddacebdabcbfcdabecddaabeadbfd
dbbbceceaacdadbbddcbcorientationaabbccffaa
bbeebafaabbeebafbcdfdaacbfbcbecdcaccd
abfddbbcfbcdbcdcecfbaacecabecdcbd
faaccbfddfbcaaaaccdddbdbcbaac
edbcdecfabeaabdfbfdbfebcfccbcaad
bcbcedfdacfabccdcbddecabbacdbdbc
eeaadeceddaacdacfadbdabbecebaced
ebccdcbdddbcbcebaceddacdcbdddbace
bbddbcbaddcabdfbbfcdcbddcebcbacfcaa
abfcfbcbfbbbebcbeecdbbfaacebdfc
dabeecdbbfaaitbeecdbbfaacpabeecdbbfa
acaccdacdadddcdebacfbacddadfbcbdeb
fbaabfdccbdfceaadbbbfcdcccecdcccebab
cteamworkbcbbfabbeaacbdabdadbdaacabceebbaf
badebcabbcfbdebacfcfcbdbcacbeecdbbf
bcdbbbfdddaacadbbfaa      cecbbcbcc
dcabadddecabbdcedfbfabccambadacfabc
cecbbcbccdcaacccdbfcacbdccedbfebfacf
dbbccecbbcbccdcaabfdccbddacfedabc
bfcebccddccdcdbdaecdeaacbfaadbbebbbbc
bdabfebfcecccddbcbcfdbbcdcdbccbbcbbee
bafdddfbcdcdacdaccbdcecbbcbccdcbc
bdddccfcabdbcaccdbebebdaedbbaadeda
bbeebafdfdaacaccebbfacdacdedaacfbcfdb
bcbdccedccbdbcbdddbdbcadabfceaacbadeb
dacfabdfdddddcbcbdbbcfaacebbaabead
bdcdadbabdadbbbbdbabaddbbfbefbdcccada
dfcbbbfdabadedabfccfbebcccbcfabead
cfabecdcacdbbbbfbbfcfabafbcbdccbcaacdd
dedbebabcefcacdfdcabdbfcebcccefdabbbbbd
bcaa    
    cabbcfcdccaabacadcfcddabfcebcccebcc
ccfaacdadbadbbbebbccccbcfdbbfbe
dacceaabeadbccbdcefdacceaacadbabd
cefdacceaabccefbdcefdacceddbcbda
dbddbbacfdaccebccabbcfbbbbddaaadeda
bbbbddabbcdaacfdacfadddadeceaabacebb
aacdbbddbacdcfdbcaacfbaacbacfdbabde
befcabbccacecacceaacdeebafddccebdbbdbbbdd
dfdcabdbccabbcfddcbdebabeaacebcecac
cbfceacaeebcdbccabcfbaacdacdaccddambabe
cddbdbbbcdddcbcdbbbccfcaacdfbafb
fbbfaacbbdbfddbfdbaacccdbfcacbfeb
facfdbbdfddceaacdacbdbfdcbccabcfba
aceddddaddedfacccbcdabdcfcaacbbbc
dcdacdabbdcfebdbaadcbcdcccabcfbaabf
cddcbbaacdecbcbfcbddcabccedfcac
mbabdccdfdcacaabcbdbcfc


                      mbabdccdfdcedfcfdbbcdbcc
fabbeebbdcabd


    bbdbdddbfambadadabccedfcbfbead
abccaccabcbabf     cfdbbcddaaddcfdc
cccbccdccadbbcbddf      cacbccdbedfddbfa
bccabebadfcabccfdbbcddabcbedfbbc
ccaaddcdccaaaddcbddfaa     ccccad
cfccacbdfdccccaacdebadcbaccedbdeaacdbb
bfcfdcbcccbdfcbcedfdbbcbbbccb
cfdbbcdaacbabbdfddbdfdcccccacbbbbbb
bcaaccfdbbcdbddebbacdcebbeaacbacddd
bcbabccdcbdbfbdbbbcaaccbfddbddebbbb
ddbdfbccecccaacdaccabaaccbfbbbbdedaa
ddbacccaacdbbecdcacbacdabadaadfc
fdbbcdbddebbcbfcadcabbecdbfcadaacb
fcbbbcaccacbfbcaaccacccddadadabbfad
faaccedccbacbbcabbcebecdcacbdfcaeaac
cecabcabbbfabccacbdfcaeaaccbaddadacab
bbfacbadbecdcdcdaccaeaacacbccdbedfddbfabc
cabebadfcabccfdbbcdbddebcaccccbde
bacfaa    
    mbadadabcccecefbecdcacdaabfaabadec
ccaacgmatbfbcbebccacdccccaaccecaddfd
aacacbecadcecccaaccedcdecedccbbbbfbb
bbebaacdebfcddbfbcbecebacccaa     
    ddcdccacadcfccacbbdccdccaaaccf
dbbebadfbddebdcbfbfcbfcabbcebcecacda
becdccaaacmbadaadabbeddaccebaceccfbcfecf
cbbccdcdaccaeaacddadfbfcbcbccabbafbf
cdddfbbdcaedfbfbdfbccabbafdbcdcd
fbbdcaeaacddabadcbdacabbeadbccbabefb
cbfabcdaabdcfcdcdfbbdcaeaacddabad
cbbbbdacabbcbbbbabefbfabcddbcdcdfb
bdcaeabbbdacfdcacbabbdcdccaaacdaaccd
dadaadecdbbbfcbcbacbcddcbdfbbbbebaacba
cdcdacddaadfebaeaabfcdbbabbcdaaddcbcba
cbcbdcfbabbbdacbccacdedafcdccaaacc
dcbbbbdddbcbabccdcbdcfdbedbcfcbaa   
  
   dbbddcbddfcacbddebddbedaacecbbafb
ccbddfaacdecacbeadbcccabcfbbafbacdbfabc
cabebadfbcdedaaaacedecdbcacddabfebfab
abcbbebadfaacbbbcacbbcaddbcbabcbfabc
cadcdcfdbaacbbcbddebccbbdecacbdeccfb
bbcdacbfabcdbacdcfdebccecbbafaa     

   bccfmbadadbbdfbefccdecf    
   ddbfadabccedfcacbccdbedfddbfabcca
bebadfcabccfdbbcdbacdbdfbcbbdccedccb
bcaa    
    mbadadbbdfbefccdecfaacbecbbcbfbccb
bbbfcbdccebddaaceaacdebfaccbdaccaeaacb
abdbbdddacfbcdebfaccbdfcbdacddbfac
cbbccaeaacbccdcdaabcbdabcbdfcbdaccd
ebfaccbbccaeaacbfbcccdaccabdbcdcbcce
aadfdbdfcdedcabacdcfcbdfbcbccafbccccbaa
a     
   ddadabacbfabccabeadbccdcbddbbfadcbafa
acdedaddbfabcbeadbccbeabdabccbfcbbdb
bdddbbdcfdbaacdddcbbdbaacdbbfcd
dbcccdfcfddacdecfbadfaabeadbcccabc
fbbafcfcacbdabbfcbbfebfababcbbebcbbecd
cbbafaaccebcbbccbfbccbfccdcbcceaacdeb
fababcbbebcddcbcaa    

 mbadadbadacdeacabcecffcadba    

 mbacacdbbbfcecffcadbabcbdccdfdaaccad
baddbeadbdccfccbcedccaacedccbcda
bdbadcbdfaacbbbddbadcbeccbbacfbaacdf
ceaacbfbccbcfdbdaebafaacceadbdcdbcbbc
daacaaebcbcdfaacdeebebefcdfaaccedccb
cdadbcadcbbdccbbadcbebfcfdbbcbbbd
adaabbbbdfcadbabdccfcedccaaccdacddd
bccfbfcccbcedccaacedccbacdcacbdebfb
fabadcbeddcfbbccccdadbabdbbbbbbdacfa
aa     

  mbabdccdfdbddebcecffcadba    
  bfedbdddbafaacccbfaddcbcdbbbcbbcc
fdbbcdddbeccbaaddcbeadceddbbbcbd
dbeccbcacbdbefccacdbadabcfdbbca
adebfcedcccccfecccbbeafddaacmbabdccdfd
befbbbdbbcacdadbacabdbdccdfdaaddcebbcef
bebefcdabcfdbbccfdbbcdcbbaacddac
ccdadbadabccaccecbbcbfcebccaacbabcacce
dddacefbebefcdadabccaccecbbcbccfabb
eebbdcabdaacccefcedfccbcbfbdbbdddda
cebebddcfcfabebccdccaaambabdccdfdd
aacaccacedfdeddcfabbeebbdcabdaa

                           

                        dabcmbabccfdbfdaddf

    cbedcddbfabcdcebwtobccdbdfcaacddb
fabeadbccdebcacbdebeadbccdbbccebbafcfcacb
cbdcbbddbdcbdbdbfecaaddadedbbcfcacb
ccdcbafcfcaacddbfadedaabfcbfbdfcbdd
caccbbcaacdccecccddedaacedfbfd
bbbfcfabfabccabbafbcbdfdcacbfmbaccbbcaa
cbfcdbccadbadecfaaccabdbdcbdbdbe
bcdddbedaecabfdbbdbecdbcebbbdbfbcbcmbad
acebbbcccbbdaeddaa     

   bdfcbcbceacbaacbfacdambabdccdfdbcbadb
cfebbdbccdaaccbbbfaacbfbdbebfbbb
ceebcmbacbceeccbddbbbaedcdaacdddcd
daccccbcbcddaccdbdaa     
   
   bddacebbdbbffcbbfbaaccbfcbbfacda
mbadacebbdfdaacbddddaddcfcbcbbfbbdc
eabaddbfabfacdabfdabccacedfbca
acbfabcdbdccfdacfabcmbaabbddbfabfacda
bfdabccacedfbcmbaddbebfcfabfcebccb
eaacbbdddacebbaaabbbfabcdbeadcbceafd
ccdcbcfdebbfbccadcfebdebacfdcecabdddcadd
dadbccbdbbabcbcbaccccbbcabfembaaab
fabcdbdccfdacebbaaabbbebcdedbbcfcccd
adbadebbfacdadfcfbbfdabacfdfaacbeb
abebcdedacebbbcmbabfabcdbdccfdacebba
bbbebcdedbbcfcccdadbadebbfacdabfdad
ddabacfdfaacbabcdbabfacdadacebbbc
mbaabbbebcdecccdadbadebbfacdacfdbbbfbd
ccdfdbbfabbbacfdfaacbebabebcdedacebbb
cmbacebbcbbdbfabcdcfcfababdccfdace
bbaa    

   bdcdbcccbedbbcfcaacddbfabfacdaddd
cabfbebambadacebbbcbdfdaddcbfdaeb
eaacbcdccfbfddbebcdacdebacfdfcfeecbfbc
bdedbebacebbcbbdbfabcdcfcfababdc
cfdacebbbcmbaaaccbfcbbfacdacbfceabbdd
bdddddccfmbacfeecbfddaddcfaaabfcddcf
ebcffaacdebddbbbfcfebbcmbabcccbcbcbb
dedaabbabecdcabbcecbbdfdddadfaa
cdddbbbcfaacbbbbdfcdfbdcafdcdfdaada
bdbcbbfcbfcabbceaacbfcdbbdcdbcbcc
bbdbcdbbdbdceccbebfccdcbbecaccebbdbae
bdabcbfcbcbbcbfdadacfaaaccbbddcce
bacebaacbdfcbfaacbbfbaacbdfcbfbbbbbbaa     


   
   dfbcbaaccfebbabfbcmbaddfbbbbcbbbbccc
ddbcbabcddbbeaccfdecbdaaaddadcdbb
ceabcmbaddbfbcbcbebddabbdcbdaebccaaaccedec
dbddcfabcfdcbacdddcfaccbdbbcddbcc
ebacebbaacfaacebacecefcdfdaacbdadebabf
bcddfcfcdaabdddcfcbcbbfbbdcecaccfd
ebaecbfaacdddadfbfcceaabfcdcbcmbabdcc
dfdaba     bdadbbaacdadambabcbdccdfdcabc
adebcebbebdcebbcacbaecbfdbbbfbdfda
mbabdccdfdbacbbbbcdddaabeadbcdaedbbaad
eccecfdddaaba     aacacdfebbfabbccfbfc   
  ddaccbfaaacdddbbbfdaccccbccccd
adbabccacdfebbfabbaacsbbfabccabdccedbdccd
fddadbbeaacceccbcbbceacfdddaddcab
fbbdcacbdebbceaaacbbbceccfbfcbccccd
adbabbccacbfcdddccbbcaababfbcddfcd
bbfbccbaacbfcddcfcbbdcbfcbccdfdbe
wwwaacsbeducabedafaa ddaddbfaaacbdfddc
cbcbcdeebdfcacdfebbfabbcacbfacefdbad
acebbceafdbbbebcbcececbbccfcbccabbfab
acccbdccedcbbcabfaambaaabdccdfddbbbcceaf
dbbbeaabdddbceaaacbbbbfacefdbada
cebbbeccfadbcbcmbabdccdfdcadbedbadabefb
bdcbfaacedddbbddbcabcdcafdbcbebcda
cdebacfdfcfeecbfaacbebabebcdebcbabc
bbdbfabcdccfbfcbcmbadacebbaaccebbbfd
ebccbfabcbaccbcaabfdabacfdfbcbfabc
cambaaacbecdbebabaccbcaabcmbadacebbaab
fcecbfbbefbfbecafdcdacbebcdembabacfdfbc
cfeecbfaaccdcacbabfacdabcdacebbdacae
aacbebcdecccdadbadbbbadbbdbdcbbddcab
bccadedebcccfdaaa     aacaadcacacbf
bcbbdebb     mbabdcccaabcbbbebdbbdddbcf
ecbdccdadcacbfaabfbcbecbdcccaabccabcabf
cbfbeddcfdbbdceaba     acaadcabcddccce
cebffaacebdcccaabcdaacfbbcaacbdcccada
aabacabfcbfdbcbccfdbcaa     bbdcccaab
cdacfacbdbaacecbfbccbcdacebbcacca
bcbbbbcebcdadacadadebcaabfabccad
fcfbbfdadebdbbbebfdabccfbfcacb
bbddbfdfbcaacccbfaaacbddeaabcd
debcdbbdabacdadadfceccedcbbbcdacd
bddbeebfaa     c bdcccaabccabdbdbeadde
aambabdccdfdcacdbbbfcabbcfddbadccbfbcbd
ccdfdaacbdcccaadebbcedbbdcccaabcbeadcfac
ebaceaaccecacbfbaccebfdcfdbbcbcbce
caaaccacbfddbfdcabbccabadfbeaddebca
acbddacfabbcdddccbdccacbbafbcdfd
caa     aadadabccfacabdadbaaddab
bbdbcbcabbfaaaccbdccacbdebccebbed
bcfecaa     ccbfabcbaceccddadacfbc
fddacdeaaccfacabdcbecaacecbbafdccbaadb
ebbbaacbfbccbcdaddcdfcdfddacccbdeb
accebdfbcbdbcefaacdbdeddcbbbedab
cfdbcfaaadfbcbaacbcdabcfdbcfacdfcd
fcacbfbabcbbeaacdbdcadfddaabacfdb
abcbbeaadcdafbcbcecababcbbedfcfcddcbb
cbdcffaacbbbcdccbbfcddcdaccabbddbbd
bcdbabcbbebccbcaeaadedacccdadbab
cmbadacebbcacdbbccfcdacffbdfdbdbddbebc
badaaacbcfdbcfabcceadbddbbbedda
cdfccbdfdaebceaaccbfabcbaceccd
dadadbdcbcbbcceaacacbdeccfcbfdddc
dedacfabcbbbbbacbcddeddbdccffcdfbc
bccaebdbbdaa     cdacdfaacddaddbfaaac
dbbdacfacabdcbecbccfbccdadadbdda
cebbeccfbedfddbdcfbdfbcdbcfeccaaacbc
cecebbaabfdaaabbbeabfdadabcaac
dedadadabcbcfdbcfacdbecadcbbdce
bbebcbbbdadaaccbfbccbcbadcbedadddda
dfebaebcbcfdbcefbaccedddaabcdbcef
aabbcbbaaccbfcccbecmbabccfbebcdbbb
ebcbdfdadbdaabdfaadadfdedabdfd
abcmbabecdbccededcbdbdfbafbecddbbacdbbf
cabdfdbddbcebbcaccfebbdddaabcaa     
bdabfeaacmbabdccdfdbcbfcebcccedcdebdad
bbbdcffcacbfcebbeebedfbbafaaccacbfca
cadabbbdfdcbeadbcccabbfabcbadb abb  
   cbedcdcccbbbfabbbcdbdcbdbddadbbb
afaacbcbccafbfcdcddccdabcdbdcbdbdbcca
acbbbccbbdedddbbcbadbbbdcffdbbdaab
cbdccedbcbffbcdccaccedebccddacacbcaad
daddbfaaacbdfbdfcbbcacbfabccambabbfbfabcca
bacfdfmbaaacbdfbdfcaccdedefcdccacbfaacb
fcbbdddfbabbdcffaaccbbdddadbbcbcca
fccdbaaaccacdbdbbbbcdccfadecadbad
ecfbcaadfbcbaacmbabdccdfdbcbfcebccce
dcbacddadbbbdcffcacbcbadddaabcaa
cbfcbaacbfbfdbadambabdccdfdbcbdddebb
fbacbdcbfcebccbbfbbeccfbfcdacdadecaacb
abcacddadaddebfcedebbfaacedadbbbdcffc
cfcbbfccdcbeebfbadcbfaadbbdacabcad
dbbafbcdbadaceaaccbcacadabbbdfcadbab
ddbbdaccccdadbbccbfcddecfaacbf
aaceccbdedbedcdcdbfcebccbacedcccbd
fbadadbaacbbfccebacbabdacebbbabca
a     ddaccbfaaacddbcbbdceacfacabbcc
debfcbbbfdacccdadbabecdceaambabfaaceccb
bcbbfbcccdbcdadbaacceddcafbdcced
aabeddccccefaacfaceefdcdabdccedaa
badacbbdccedaaccbcadcadbbdccedaa
cfdbbcdbcabbcedcdebbbceddcbabdacebb
aaccembajdbadaaa mbamddbddabacabfa
a mbamphbabbbbdabfbcbbcabfaambabsaadaca
bfdbcfdaaaaccbfaceddbbbfbaceccdd
adabfcfabacedcbfdacedbdcccdad
badbcecaddbcbbfdcdadbaaccebcbcca
fbbdcaabacfddebbecfdbdccedaabbbb
afbfabdccedbcbcaaccdaccabbbbbfaaceccb
beccdaddebfcebadacfadadfaaded
adadabcmbabdccdfdbcbadadbacfcebbede
cfaacdacfabcfdbbafbadcbfecbecdcdcddabda
cebbccfddbbddcceedaebdaa     ddaddbfa
aacdbdddbbdacabcaddbbafbcdbadabfaa
ceccbdfbadadbbcbbebbbbcbfcebccaa
   bdacfdaacdadacacbfceaabeadbccbbeedbeb
cbdcfaacacbfceaacccdbaabdfcdaaac
bdddddcaacacbfcdacbfabccacadbabddb
ec abb        
                      
decbcdbfaba

