

httpsiliconvalleyinternetcomnewsarticlephp

microsoft tuesday said it has purchased a mountain view califbased
security company to better secure its core file services including its
windows platform and net initiative

the redmond washbased software giant has acquired the assets of xdegrees
for an undisclosed amount of cash and is in the process of relocating the
team of  or  engineers to the microsoft campus

xdegrees technology assigns urls to word files video clips and other
digital documents for access across a peertopeer network

xdegrees founder michael tanne was offered a job but decided instead to
play his hand in the silicon valley


xdegrees technology assigns urls to word files video clips and other
digital documents for access across a peertopeer network  assigns urls
to word files and somebody bought that


httpwwwxdegreescomprhtml
the xdegrees system allows users to easily and consistently locate access
and manage information by assigning each document a unique link providing
endtoend security the xdegrees system unifies authentication of all
users provides filelevel access control and encrypts all stored and
transferred files seamless integration with existing applications such as
email clients and microsoft office products allows companies to rapidly
deploy the xdegrees system and users to get upandrunning quickly

whoa high tech


more bits here
httpwwwopenppcompubappxdegreeshtml

the essence of xdegrees consists of a naming system and a distributed
database that allows peers to resolve resource names xdegrees manages these
services for customers on its own hosts and sells its software to
enterprises so they can define and run their own namespaces on inhouse
servers you can search for a particular person whatever device the person
is currently using for a particular device for a file or even for a web
service the software that resolves resource names is called xrns the
extensible resource name system



